protocols rsvp auto-mesh
------------------------

**Minimum user role:** operator

RSVP Auto Mesh helps to reduce the amount of configuration required for establishing traffic engineering (TE) tunnels. With auto-mesh, RSVP uses tunnel configuration templates to automatically create a mesh of TE LSPs among the LSR devices in the interior gateway protocol (IGP)-TE domain.

Whenever the IS-IS LSP database is updated (for example, when a new TE LSR is inserted into the IGP), the destination address is stored in the TE topology database of all routers in the IGP. At each update, the destination address contained in the database is compared to the access-list associated with all template interfaces. If a match is found, a mesh tunnel interface is established to the tunnel destination IP address.

Auto-mesh tunnels obtain their configuration information from the auto-mesh template. If no specific behavior is configured in the template, the configuration is taken from the global RSVP configuration. The tunnel's destination address is obtained from the TE topology database that matches a specific prefix-list.

All auto-mesh tunnels of a given template are applied with the same path constraints and tunnel parameters.

To activate auto-mesh:

1.	Enter the auto-mesh configuration hierarchy (see below).
2.	Create a new template (see "rsvp auto-mesh tunnel-template").
3.	Configure the template (see "rsvp auto-mesh tunnel-template destination-address").
4.	Configure the template's tunnel parameters. The entire tunnel configuration hierarchy is replicated under the template. See "rsvp tunnel" for tunnel configuration options.

Global RSVP tunnel configurations serve as the tunnel-template's defaults.

Tunnels that are created according to the tunnel-template destination prefix-list are assigned an auto-generated name, as follows:

Syntax: auto_tunnel_<local-hostname>_<destination-hostname/destination-ip>_<template-name>_<id>

Description of syntax:

- auto_tunnel: a prefix for all tunnels created by the auto-mesh feature

- local-hostname: the tunnel's source system name, as advertised in IS-IS

- destination-hostname/destination-ip: the tunnel's destination system name (IS-IS hostname TLV is in the TE database). If the destination node's hostname is unknown, the destination IP address is used instead. If a tunnel name is generated with a remote IP address (instead of hostname), or the destination router has updated its hostname, the user must run the clear rsvp tunnels [tunnel-name] command to update the tunnel's name. This is a “hard” clear which deletes the old tunnel and may disrupt traffic.

- template-name: The name of the template according to which the tunnel was created.

- id: an identifier provided to each tunnel. The ids are given sequentially to each tunnel that is generated, starting from 1.

Example: auto_tunnel_NCR-North_NCR-South_TMPLT-CORE_TUNNEL-1

The name of an auto-tunnel is limited to 225 characters. If the name of the automatically generated tunnel exceeds this limit, the tunnel is created in a down state.

To enter auto-mesh configuration mode:

**Command syntax: auto-mesh**

**Command mode:** config

**Hierarchies**

- protocols rsvp

**Note**
- Removing the auto-mesh configuration disables auto-mesh and removes all tunnels generated by the auto-mesh feature.

.. - default system behavior is auto-mesh disabled

**Example**
::

    dnRouter# configure
    dnRouter(cfg)# protocols
    dnRouter(cfg-protocols)# rsvp
    dnRouter(cfg-protocols-rsvp)# auto-mesh
    dnRouter(cfg-protocols-rsvp-auto-mesh)


**Removing Configuration**

To revert all auto-mesh configurations to their default values:
::

    dnRouter(cfg-protocols-rsvp)# no auto-mesh

**Command History**

+---------+--------------------+
| Release | Modification       |
+=========+====================+
| 11.0    | Command introduced |
+---------+--------------------+
